docs(material/progress-bar): update MDC changes (#25731)
angular/components: guides/v15-mdc-migration.md

### Progress Bar

> * Visibility on internal elements is now set to `visible`. Setting `visibility: hidden` will no
>   longer hide all internal elements. Instead, style it with `opacity: 0`, `display: none`, or
>   remove it completely with `ngIf`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You can no longer hide the progress-bar by applying `visibility: hidden` because 
  internal elements within the progress-bar apply `visibility: visible`. You can alternatively
  hide the progress with `opacity: 0`, `display: none`, or `ngIf`.
```
suggestion for passive voice, present tense
